Hello bro
What's the matter, is Mr. Shen free?
I have a few brothers who would like to meet you
Although there are some clues to the parents' words now
But look at grandpa's attitude and Huang Renyi's attitude
Obviously things are not easy
Now I can meet some people
It's going to be easier to do things.
Okay, you can send me the address.
What do you care about after the president?
Good Chen Shao
Let's have another drink
Mr. Chen
Ouch third brother
Long time no see
Hahaha oh
What's the wind, I'm not promoted by you, third brother?
I do have something to ask you today
Hahaha, our relationship
Is it a little too close to say trouble?
What's the matter?
Third brother, I want to borrow a few people from you
Want a few reliable ladies
I'll thank you when I'm done
Hahaha, oops, grandma.
I don't know how to make a trip for a few people
Yes, thank you, third brother.
Shen Lang
I'm going to kill you this time.